My apologies, my previous explanation of "additional considerations" was a bit brief. Let me break it down further:

**1. Explicitly Defaulted Constructors:**

Sometimes, you might want the compiler to generate the default constructor even if you've declared other constructors in your class. This can be achieved by using the `= default` keyword after the constructor declaration. This tells the compiler to use its built-in logic to generate the default behavior, like initializing member variables to their default values, instead of requiring you to write it yourself. 

**Example:**

```c++
class Example {
public:
  Example(int value) { // Parameterized constructor
  }
  Example() = default; // Explicitly defaulted constructor
};
```

In this example, even though there's a parameterized constructor, the `= default` clause ensures that the compiler still generates a default constructor that takes no arguments and initializes member variables appropriately.

**2. Move Constructors and Move Assignment Operators:**

C++11 introduced the concept of move semantics, which is an efficient way to transfer ownership of resources between objects. This involves move constructors and move assignment operators, which are specialized versions of their copy counterparts. They handle the transfer of resources without unnecessary copying, improving performance in certain situations.

**Example:**

```c++
class Resource {
public:
  Resource(int id) { // ... allocate memory for resources }
  ~Resource() { // ... deallocate memory }
  
  Resource(Resource&& other) noexcept { // Move constructor
    swap(data, other.data); // Transfer ownership without copying
  }
  
  Resource& operator=(Resource&& other) noexcept { // Move assignment operator
    swap(data, other.data); // Transfer ownership without copying
    return *this;
  }
  
private:
  int data;
  // ... other members
};
```

In this example, the move constructor and move assignment operator efficiently transfer ownership of the internal `data` without creating unnecessary copies, potentially saving memory and time.

These are just some examples of additional considerations regarding special member functions in C++. It's important to understand them to design efficient and well-behaved classes in your C++ code.

I hope this clarifies my previous statement and provides more insight into these concepts. Please let me know if you have any further questions!
